New captchaConfiguration on the Tenant API (#881)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/_tenant-response-body-base.adoc

The list of Tenant objects.
endif::[]

[field]#{base_field_name}.captchaConfiguration.captchaMethod# [type]#[String]# [since]#Available since 1.30.0#::
The type of captcha method to use.

[field]#{base_field_name}.captchaConfiguration.enabled# [type]#[Boolean]# [since]#Available since 1.30.0#::
Whether captcha configuration is enabled.

[field]#{base_field_name}.captchaConfiguration.secretKey# [type]#[String]# [since]#Available since 1.30.0#::
The secret key for this captcha method.

[field]#{base_field_name}.captchaConfiguration.siteKey# [type]#[String]# [since]#Available since 1.30.0#::
The site key for this captcha method.

[field]#{base_field_name}.captchaConfiguration.threshold# [type]#[Float]# [since]#Available since 1.30.0#::

> The threshold which separates passing from failing the Google v3 or HCaptcha Enterprise score. If not using either of those methods then this value is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The numeric threshold which separates a passing score from a failing one. This value only applies if using either the Google v3 or HCaptcha Enterprise method, otherwise this value is ignored.
```

[field]#{base_field_name}.usernameConfiguration.unique.separator# [type]#[String]# [since]#Available since 1.27.0#::
A single character to use as a separator from the requested username and a unique suffix that is added when a duplicate username is detected. This value can be a single non alphanumeric ASCII character.

> [field]#tenant.usernameConfiguration.unique.strategy# [type]#[String]# [since]#Available since 1.29.0#::

Reviewer: Thanks for changing these!

Author: np.  I thought I'd sneak them in as I saw them instead of opening a new PR.
